README.md, before:

![Draft Logo](./docs/img/draft-logo.png)

# Draft: Streamlined Kubernetes Development

[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/Azure/draft.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/Azure/draft)

_NOTE: Draft is experimental and does not have a stable release yet._

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/WGVE7JNodpBEOautl105tdc97.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/WGVE7JNodpBEOautl105tdc97)

Draft makes it easy to build applications that run on Kubernetes.  Draft targets the "inner loop" of a developer's workflow: as they hack on code, but before code is committed to version control.

Using Draft is as simple as:

1. `draft create` to containerize your application based on Draft [packs](docs/reference/dep-003.md)
2. `draft up` to deploy your application to a Kubernetes dev sandbox, accessible via a public URL
3. Use a local editor to modify the application, with changes deployed to Kubernetes in seconds

Once the developer is happy with changes made via Draft, they commit and push to version control, after which a continuous integration (CI) system takes over.  Draft builds upon [Kubernetes Helm][helm] and the [Kubernetes Chart format](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/blob/master/docs/charts.md), making it easy to construct CI pipelines from Draft-enabled applications.

[Join the conversation in Slack!](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/draft-users) If you don't already have a Kubernetes slack account, sign up [here](http://slack.k8s.io/).

## Installation

Review the [Installation Guide][Installation Guide] to configure and install Draft on to your Kubernetes cluster.

### Take Draft for a Spin

Climb aboard and explore the [Getting Started Guide][Getting Started] - you'll soon be sailing!

## Contributing

If you're looking to build from source or get started hacking on Draft, please see the
[hacking guide][hacking] for more information.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## License

This software is covered under the MIT license. You can read the license [here][license].

This software contains code from [Helm][], which is covered by the Apache v2.0 license.

You can read third-party software licenses [here][Third-Party Licenses].


[Installation Guide]: docs/install.md
[Getting Started]: docs/getting-started.md
[hacking]: docs/contributing/hacking.md
[helm]: https://github.com/kubernetes/helm
[Installing Helm]: https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/blob/master/docs/install.md
[Kubernetes]: https://kubernetes.io/
[license]: LICENSE
[Third-Party Licenses]: NOTICE

Commit message:

updating documentation to highlight the major changes in 0.12

README.md, after:

![Draft Logo](./docs/img/draft-logo.png)

# Draft: Streamlined Kubernetes Development

[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/Azure/draft.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/Azure/draft)

## _NOTE: Draft is experimental and does not have a stable release yet._
As an example, the 0.12 release moves the containment and deployment engine to your local machine. This changes quite a bit about how Draft works compared to prior releases; for details, see [the changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

For previous users, this change means that you now have more control over where your container images are stored, and in the local minikube environment, you can skip pushing the images entirely, which speeds up the developer iteration speed dramatically. However, when you want to push your images to an image registry service like Docker hub (or ACR, GCR, Quay.io, and so on) you must inform draft which registry to use and your cluster must have access to the secrets for that registry. 

## Overview

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/WGVE7JNodpBEOautl105tdc97.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/WGVE7JNodpBEOautl105tdc97)

Draft makes it easy to build applications that run on Kubernetes.  Draft targets the "inner loop" of a developer's workflow: as they hack on code, but before code is committed to version control.

Using Draft is as simple as:

1. `draft create` to containerize your application based on Draft [packs](docs/reference/dep-003.md)
2. `draft up` to deploy your application to a Kubernetes dev sandbox, accessible via a public URL
3. Use a local editor to modify the application, with changes deployed to Kubernetes in seconds

Once the developer is happy with changes made via Draft, they commit and push to version control, after which a continuous integration (CI) system takes over.  Draft builds upon [Kubernetes Helm][helm] and the [Kubernetes Chart format](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/blob/master/docs/charts.md), making it easy to construct CI pipelines from Draft-enabled applications.

[Join the conversation in Slack!](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/draft-users) If you don't already have a Kubernetes slack account, sign up [here](http://slack.k8s.io/).

## Installation

Review the [Installation Guide][Installation Guide] to configure and install Draft on to your Kubernetes cluster. Do, however, take note of the major changes in the 0.12 release if you have already used or are using Draft now. It's different.

### Take Draft for a Spin

Climb aboard and explore the [Getting Started Guide][Getting Started] - you'll soon be sailing!

## Contributing

If you're looking to build from source or get started hacking on Draft, please see the
[hacking guide][hacking] for more information.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## License

This software is covered under the MIT license. You can read the license [here][license].

This software contains code from [Helm][], which is covered by the Apache v2.0 license.

You can read third-party software licenses [here][Third-Party Licenses].


[Installation Guide]: docs/install.md
[Getting Started]: docs/getting-started.md
[hacking]: docs/contributing/hacking.md
[helm]: https://github.com/kubernetes/helm
[Installing Helm]: https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/blob/master/docs/install.md
[Kubernetes]: https://kubernetes.io/
[license]: LICENSE
[Third-Party Licenses]: NOTICE
